As you can see, the world is changing in the age of AI, but are people and companies or governments preparing properly? KBS interviewed the vice president of Microsoft, Brad Smith, who visited Korea. I heard what kind of role people should consider in the world where AI will change and what kind of work they are preparing with Korean companies. Minister, shoutout to all the branches who travel around and to the people around them. Good afternoon. Voice of Microsoft is now well known around Korea for its business owner Bill Gates. I was SK's personally interviewed last year. And first of all, Brad Smith, I am calling you to ask you about AI to lighten your curiosity. First of all, Brad Smith, I am calling you to ask you about AI to lighten your curiosity. Brad Smith, you are now the leader at the core of American computing That's true for you, right? Not gonna complain! I saw the New York Times, and it said that Samsung is reviewing a way to switch its search engine from Google to Microsoft. Did you have any discussions with Samsung about this? Microsoft is really focused with OpenAI on creating what we call the AI supercomputing infrastructure. Microsoft is really focused with OpenAI on creating what we call the AI supercomputing infrastructure. We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models, and then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. We provide the technology on which OpenAI builds these models, and then we provide the data centers, including in Korea, so that people are accessing them. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. But I think our goal fundamentally is to take technology to a higher level. It all depends on how human beings use it. And I think our role is to identify where there are risks and put in safeguards or guardrails to protect against its abuse. AI is a machine. It's the job of us as humans to worry. It's my job, our job at Microsoft to worry. It's our job to hope. I think we should ask ourselves less about what we should stop doing and ask ourselves more what we need to start doing. I would much rather use the next six months to speed up work with governments to identify how we get the best value out of this technology, how we improve schools and opportunities for students, how we use it to advance healthcare, how we put new rules in place. If we just stop for six months, I don't think the world's going to look very different in September or October than it does today. In a country with such a high education rate like Korea, students and parents may be curious about this. AI answers all the questions, but what do they study for? Is it possible to free them from studying thanks to AI? But I'd first say step back. 40 years ago, calculators became popular and some people said, oh, students will no longer need to learn math. The best students use calculators to get better at math, including many people here in Korea. Now do the same thing with AI. If you want to learn another language, like English, use AI to help you. What do you think is the area where Korean companies can gain strength? And specifically, do you have any plans to cooperate with Korean companies in this area? Because we do think AI is something that will enable them to continue to be even more successful, not just here at home, but really on a global basis. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.
